[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1988 horror film
child's play so let's get started the
film opens with serial killer Charles
Lee ray running from homicide detective
Mike Norris in Chicago
Charles is shot several times and his
accomplice Eddie Caputo runs away in the
getaway vehicle without him the dying
Charles uses fudou magic to transfer
himself into a good guys doll and the
magic causes the store to explode and
Norris finds Charles's dead body
Karen Barclay purchases the doll for her
son Andy and the talking doll introduces
himself as Chucky later
Karen's friend Maggie is babysitting
Andy and begins to notice Chucky is
being moved and Maggie is eventually
killed by being hit by a hammer and
falls out the window the police arrive
and detective Nora suspects Andy as the
murderer Andy says that Chuckie killed
Maggie however the next morning
Chucky orders Andy to go see Eddie
Caputo who Chucky kills with a gas
explosion and Andy again is thought to
be a suspect and is put into a
psychiatric hospital because he is again
claiming that Chuckie committed the
murder
Karen throws out the good guys box to
realize that the batteries were never
put into the toy so Chucky must be
animating himself on his own
Karen starts a fire and threatens to
burn the doll and Chucky violently
springs to life and flees the apartment
Karen runs into Norris outside her
apartment and explains what happens but
he doesn't believe her Karen finds the
homeless man who initially sold her the
doll but the man tries to assault her
when Norris intervenes the homeless man
then directs them to the toy store the
same one that Norris killed Charles Lee
ray as Mike is driving home Chuckie
tries to kill him
Mike crashes the car and shoots Chuckie
causing him to bleed Chuckie thought he
was invincible as a doll and flees Mike
meets up with Karen and they go to meet
up with John dr. death Bishop
Chucky's former voodoo instructor Chucky
gets there first however and John
explains that he is starting to become
more human in his doll form hence why he
was able to be
Chucky's demands that john reversed the
spell but he refuses Chucky tortures
John using a voodoo doll until John
reveals that Chucky has to transfer his
soul into the first human he revealed
himself to which would be Andy
Chucky stabs the voodoo doll fatally
injuring John Chucky leaves and Karen
and Norris arrived soon after the dying
John informs them that Chucky's heart is
fully human and that is the way to kill
him Chucky chases Andy at the hospital
and Andy flees to his apartment
Chucky knocks out Andy and begins
performing the ritual but Karen and
Norris arrive Chucky is thrown into the
fire but still keeps coming after the
family so Karen shoots him several times
dismembering him Norris is injured and
his partner Jack arrives jack is grabbed
by the burn dismembered body of Chucky
and Norris shoots Chucky through the
heart as the film ends the family leaves
to meet the ambulance outside so that
was the spoilers for child's play if you
have another film you'd like to see us
spoil please let us know in the comments
below check out movie spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]